welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
forgotten
chin soak a young man moves to a new
house with his mother
father and older brother you soak
things seem off to chin soak in their
new home
one rainy night he witnesses the
abduction of you soak
being dragged into a car 19 days pass
and suddenly
you soak returns chin starts to notice
discrepancies in his family's
personality
he then realizes that they are not his
family at all but people pretending to
be his family
he escapes the house and goes to the
police
when he tells them he is 21 years old
the officers
skeptical ask him what year it is
he replies that it's 1997 the officer
reveals that it is
2017. jinn is in fact
41 years old a shocked gin looks around
and sees signs of modern life
a tablet a smartphone an led
flat screen tv showing the current south
korean president
moon jae-in and united states president
donald trump
he leaves confused but is captured by
the same
family that was holding him captive the
young man pretending to be his brother
you so tells jyn that 20 years ago
a little girl and her mother were
murdered
the case went cold so the family of the
victims hired
you soak to find their murderer who is
jin
in flashbacks it is shown that jinn was
abducted and tortured to confess
but maintained his innocence a
psychiatrist suggested that he had
repressed his memory because the event
was too traumatic
the team had the psychiatrist hypnotize
him back to his last happy memory in
figuring that if they can reenact the
events of the murder
jinn might be able to recover his
memories and tell them what happened
everything was going as planned until
the night when jin thought he saw you
soak
being abducted he was actually arrested
for fraud
and was gone for 19 days because that
was how long he was in jail
presently jin escapes the van and the
young man crashes
while jyn accidentally gets hit by a
stranger's car
he then regains his memories from 1997
in 1997 the opening scene from the film
as shown
except this time jyn is with his real
parents and older brother
the real you soak they get into a car
accident that kills his parents
his brother is in critical condition and
he desperately needs money for you soak
surgery but times are hard because of
the 1997 asian financial crisis
jyn goes online seeking a job and is
messaged by an anonymous person
telling jin he'll pay him to kill
someone's wife
but leave the two children unharmed
jin's conscience doesn't allow him to go
through with it
he is about to leave the house but the
mother sees him
then the young daughter who starts
screaming and jin ends up killing them
both
the youngest child a little boy comes
out
and jin tells him to go to bed as he
leaves
he discovers that this is actually the
family of his brother's doctor
jyn meets with the anonymous man who is
indeed you soak's doctor
demanding to know why the doctor would
have his own family killed
the doctor explains that it was to keep
his children from becoming homeless due
to the financial crisis
he had taken out multiple insurance
policies and his wife
since jinn not only killed his wife but
also his daughter
the doctor says you soak will die as
well
a struggle ensues and the doctor is
accidentally pushed to his death
in the present jinn wakes up in a
hospital
the young man survived a crash and is
about to kill jyn with a poisonous
needle but jyn reveals that his memory
has returned
the young man reveals that he was the
little boy in the house 20 years ago
when jin killed his mother and sister
after the deaths of his parents and
sister his relatives took
all the money and left him to grow up in
an orphanage
he begs jin to tell him why jin didn't
kill him too and whether the murders
were planned by his father
a distraught jinn takes the entire blame
but the young man doesn't believe him
chin now knowing he did in fact commit
the murders
commits suicide in his hospital room
with the poisonous needle
simultaneously the young man comes to
terms with the murder of his family
and also commits suicide by jumping out
of the hospital window
the film flashes back to 1997.
jyn's family is at the lake jyn is
stopped by a little boy offering him a
lollipop
after he kindly declines the little boy
runs to his family
it is shown that it was the doctor's
family revealing why
jin did not kill the little boy thank
you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos
[Music]
you